LayoutTests/imported/w3c/web-platform-tests/tools/third_party/attrs/docs/index.rst, before:

======================================
``attrs``: Classes Without Boilerplate
======================================

Release v\ |release| (:doc:`What's new? <changelog>`).

.. include:: ../README.rst
   :start-after: teaser-begin
   :end-before: -spiel-end-


Getting Started
===============

``attrs`` is a Python-only package `hosted on PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/attrs/>`_.
The recommended installation method is `pip <https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/>`_-installing into a `virtualenv <https://hynek.me/articles/virtualenv-lives/>`_:

.. code-block:: console

   $ pip install attrs

The next three steps should bring you up and running in no time:

- :doc:`overview` will show you a simple example of ``attrs`` in action and introduce you to its philosophy.
  Afterwards, you can start writing your own classes, understand what drives ``attrs``'s design, and know what ``@attr.s`` and ``attr.ib()`` stand for.
- :doc:`examples` will give you a comprehensive tour of ``attrs``'s features.
  After reading, you will know about our advanced features and how to use them.
- Finally :doc:`why` gives you a rundown of potential alternatives and why we think ``attrs`` is superior.
  Yes, we've heard about ``namedtuple``\ s!


If you need any help while getting started, feel free to use the ``python-attrs`` tag on `StackOverflow <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/python-attrs>`_ and someone will surely help you out!


Day-to-Day Usage
================

- Once you're comfortable with the concepts, our :doc:`api` contains all information you need to use ``attrs`` to its fullest.
- ``attrs`` is built for extension from the ground up.
  :doc:`extending` will show you the affordances it offers and how to make it a building block of your own projects.


.. include:: ../README.rst
   :start-after: -testimonials-
   :end-before: -end-

.. include:: ../README.rst
   :start-after: -project-information-

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   license
   backward-compatibility
   contributing
   changelog


----


Full Table of Contents
======================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   overview
   why
   examples
   api
   extending
   how-does-it-work


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Update WPT tools to 87329a1 https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=188766
Reviewed by Ryosuke Niwa.

LayoutTests/imported/w3c:

* resources/config.json:
* web-platform-tests/fetch/cross-origin-resource-policy/fetch.any.js:
Fixing test that was including testharness.js twice once explictly and once with WPT test template.
* web-platform-tests/infrastructure: Refreshed.
* web-platform-tests/infrastructure/testdriver/bless.html: Added.
* web-platform-tests/tools: Refreshed

LayoutTests:

The test name (.any.serviceworker.html) is clashing with the new WPT server.

* http/wpt/service-workers/cors-preflight-star.any-serviceworker-expected.txt: Renamed from LayoutTests/http/wpt/service-workers/cors-preflight-star.any.serviceworker-expected.txt.
* http/wpt/service-workers/cors-preflight-star.any-serviceworker.html: Renamed from LayoutTests/http/wpt/service-workers/cors-preflight-star.any.serviceworker.html.


Identifier: 204041@main
git-svn-id: https://svn.webkit.org/repository/webkit/trunk@235382 268f45cc-cd09-0410-ab3c-d52691b4dbfc

LayoutTests/imported/w3c/web-platform-tests/tools/third_party/attrs/docs/index.rst, after:

======================================
``attrs``: Classes Without Boilerplate
======================================

Release v\ |release| (:doc:`What's new? <changelog>`).

.. include:: ../README.rst
   :start-after: teaser-begin
   :end-before: -spiel-end-


Getting Started
===============

``attrs`` is a Python-only package `hosted on PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/attrs/>`_.
The recommended installation method is `pip <https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/>`_-installing into a `virtualenv <https://hynek.me/articles/virtualenv-lives/>`_:

.. code-block:: console

   $ pip install attrs

The next three steps should bring you up and running in no time:

- :doc:`overview` will show you a simple example of ``attrs`` in action and introduce you to its philosophy.
  Afterwards, you can start writing your own classes, understand what drives ``attrs``'s design, and know what ``@attr.s`` and ``attr.ib()`` stand for.
- :doc:`examples` will give you a comprehensive tour of ``attrs``'s features.
  After reading, you will know about our advanced features and how to use them.
- Finally :doc:`why` gives you a rundown of potential alternatives and why we think ``attrs`` is superior.
  Yes, we've heard about ``namedtuple``\ s!
- If at any point you get confused by some terminology, please check out our :doc:`glossary`.


If you need any help while getting started, feel free to use the ``python-attrs`` tag on `StackOverflow <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/python-attrs>`_ and someone will surely help you out!


Day-to-Day Usage
================

- Once you're comfortable with the concepts, our :doc:`api` contains all information you need to use ``attrs`` to its fullest.
- Instance initialization is one of ``attrs`` key feature areas.
  Our goal is to relieve you from writing as much code as possible.
  :doc:`init` gives you an overview what ``attrs`` has to offer and explains some related philosophies we believe in.
- If you want to put objects into sets or use them as keys in dictionaries, they have to be hashable.
  The simplest way to do that is to use frozen classes, but the topic is more complex than it seems and :doc:`hashing` will give you a primer on what to look out for.
- ``attrs`` is built for extension from the ground up.
  :doc:`extending` will show you the affordances it offers and how to make it a building block of your own projects.


.. include:: ../README.rst
   :start-after: -testimonials-
   :end-before: -end-

.. include:: ../README.rst
   :start-after: -project-information-

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   license
   backward-compatibility
   contributing
   changelog


----


Full Table of Contents
======================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   overview
   why
   examples
   init
   hashing
   api
   extending
   how-does-it-work
   glossary


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`search`
